I am From Hong Kong. As I said my Lenovo Laptop is being hacked. I send a message to Lenovo about this issues, they give me a call. Promise me! is their whole support team did. Why? First I seldom take my Laptop out, all is in house (at home) development. The only time I took my laptop is for repairing. IT IS AT THE LENOVO CUSTOMER CENTER (DON'T KNOW WHICH FLOOR) LOCATED AT 
"MONG KOK Sai Ya Choi South Street Ginza Plaza". 
The staff phone me insist they don't have my repairing service record and they don't have a support center there or before. I felt astonishment. They Lied! That makes me more worried, because that day a lot of customer queued up for services. How would one lie and say they don't have a support center at Mong Kok. Such a large Listed Company Owned by US IBM being sold to Lenovo. The customer range is usually target middle-class professionals, customers comes from banks, listed companies, governments... I think the Hong Kong Government need to take strict action, because they are still stealing information not only me but perhaps all other potential clients. Banks customers and government has very sensitive and confidential documents or data. Please take prompt and strict actions. 

What they can do is not only get , edit or delete my documents, they can even view what I am viewing. Many customers who went to the Mong Kok service center is being affected. I am worried the documents or information stolen is being used as bank loans or even private personal videos or pictures being sold to other porno sites.  